What is the most secure way to handle sensitive user data such as audio or images?
    Both Google Home and Amazon Alexa tout using encryption when moving data from devices to servers or anywhere else. 
    They provide little information about the actual encryption methods being used, with Google only referring to it as 
    'leading encryption technology' and Amazon referring to it as 'end-to-end encryption.'

Is there a way to keep most user data on the robot instead of sending it over the internet?
    Amazon Alexa offers a 'Do Not Send Voice Reecordings' ability which forces Alexa to proccess the data locally rather
    than sending it to Amazon servers. This does however reduce Alexa's abilities in many ways. Live Translations, Dynamic 
    Language Switching, Adaptive Listening, and Reading Sidekick all will not work in this mode. Google Home does not seem
    to offer a similar offline mode.

What is common practice when it comes to similar products, like Google Home, or Alexa?
    One important standard of note is the fact that both Alexa and Home do not save recordings on their servers by default.
    Data gets sent from the device to the servers, where it is proccessed then deleted. Both companies have the option for
    users to allow recordings to be saved to servers for anonomized training of their voice recognition software.

    Another important practice of note is that both Alexa and Home do not begin recording a message until they hear the
    activation phrase. Only then are recordings made and sent to servers for ananlysis.

What way, if any, should users be able to disable audio and / or video recording?
    Both Alexa and Home offer a way to disable microphones. All devices offer either a microphone switch or button that
    disables the microphone. Likewise a similar ability should be offered with video recordings. In addition to a physical
    switch, we should also make the robots not even turn on camera until given a voice activation phrase or a button is 
    pressed.


SOURCES:
https://safety.google/assistant/
https://safety.google/photos/
https://support.google.com/assistant/answer/11090019
https://www.amazon.com/gp/help/customer/display.html?nodeId=GVP69FUJ48X9DK8V